Individual Reflection Week3


What do I want to learn or understand better?
We start our first sprint Friday after decided what we want to do first, everyone agree to start by making research and find most information as possible on evrythings 
which can be helpfull after like which framework, which library, how to create website and host it.
However, even if we tried to apply the scrum method as well as possible, the division of the tasks more oriented towards knowledge than deliverables was not easy. During 
the supervision session on Monday, we were able to change what was wrong and realize all our tasks under the same user story. That's why I hope to better organize the 
work in the form of backlog, user story and technical tasks. It's one of the last main keys to take in hand to work as close as possible to the method.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
This week has been the beginning of personal research and therefore of collaboration and therefore of mutual help. Living far away from each other and with complicated
agendas, we work mostly at a distance and communicate via discord. To ensure that all information is passed on and that everyone can follow, we have set up rules in the 
social contract. If someone needs help we exchange messages and the one who knows best comes to help. Also when we find something important we explain globally what 
it is and how it will help us so that everyone has a global vision of the project in addition to the more in-depth part that each one carries out.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
At the beginning of the week there was no specific role, it was only on Tuesday that we assigned roles, so that everyone could experiment each week the roles would 
change and to have more perspective on the project we had 2 Product Owners. This week I was PO, it was not easy because the session of choice and sharing of tasks had
already passed. My role was more at the end to make sure that everyone had done the necessary research and that we knew how we were going to work afterwards. More 
generally I was in charge of researching how to get an interactive map that could be used via a classic website.


Baptiste Duchamp
