Individual Reflection Week6


What do I want to learn or understand better?
Like last week, we were very efficient and we are continuing our good momentum while keeping the codes of the scrum method. This new organization suits us very well, 
everyone is very happy even our TA who saw us implement all these tips. We managed to finish all the tasks set at the beginning of the project with all the functionality,
the website is fully functional. Our efficiency to finish all these tasks made us finish this sprint 2 days early. We already have new ideas to bring even more value and 
improve the user experience. While answering user stories to us as a development team, annotate the code, verify it and make it work. It was also about better visibility 
for KPIs and keeping them up to date.
My role was in the continuity of the previous week, reuse my calculation and distance sorting functions to make them work together with the search bar. This was done 
with other members of the group to share our knowledge on the different aspects of the links created, it also helps to ensure a higher quality of code.
For next week I would like to try to work on my peer reviewing skills, this would be a first for me and I think I have a lot to learn from this technique.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
As the previous week we continue to work in the same way and it works well for us, we avoided many problems, almost all our implementations went very well without ever 
having to question our choices in the structure of the project. This is due to our numerous collective exchanges, or in smaller groups and especially to the first week 
dedicated only to research to avoid future problems.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Nothing to change since last week, everything is going as well, the tools are being used to their full potential, the KPIs have helped us and show our constant 
improvement. Our overall organization is Monday morning the whole group meets for the hour of supervision with our TA, who points us in the right direction and gives us
some good ideas for the future. Right after that we do our planning meeting all together taking into account his reflections. We then have the whole week until Friday 
morning to complete the tasks of the sprint, we keep each other informed of our progress via discord in a room dedicated to daily meetings. Finally, on Friday morning we
have our review meeting all together.


Baptiste Duchamp
