Individual Reflection Week2


What do I want to learn or understand better?
This week was more focused on the subject of our project. Monday we all discuss about our own idea and talk about it. At the end of the day we figure it out what we 
think is the best regarding our preferences, contrains and capacities. But we wait Wednesday to confirm it thanks to feed back during the presentation. Friday we finished 
avery delivrable especially the scope document. I'm personnaly not really sure if I clearly undearstand the assignment with the canva business model and how it will cost
etc.
That why I hope i will understand and practise a litlle bit more of how scrum methode works. I'm not worried about it I think it only the begining of the project and I 
have enought time to understand and be totally aware of all the techniques. As a team I think we can improve how we split work with more detail works in order to get 
way more things to do but easier/faster one. That wasn't really possible before but we already try to implement it for the las days until the first sprint.
I also wish to be able to use new tools like trello for the planning, and other software not only for agile methode but development langage and tools.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
Nothing new during this week, we already manage to work even if some people can't be there. I think when we will need to code the webpage we will find the best way to 
help everyone where it will be needed.
"I think that the mutual aid in the group is done naturally, everyone gives his opinion, says when he does not understand and everyone brings his vision. I think it's 
through this communication and sharing of our different experiences and knowledge that everyone progresses and have a better understanding.
I hope i will help the team to have a clear point of view of every situations to succed in sprint planning meeting."

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
This week we delivred the scope we all work on it because it was easier to synthesize all our thought. But for the next week we already make share of the work with trello
I have 2 assigments for Monday it mostly some research to decide how we will succeed in the project. As I said earlier next week be the real start of our work with scrum
method and share of work.



Baptiste Duchamp
