Individual Reflection Week7


What do I want to learn or understand better?
This last real week of work in sprint, was mainly dedicated to the aesthetics of the site, the completeness of the functionalities being reached before passing to new 
ones we want to be completely satisfied with the main functionalities as well as users but also as development team. We also decided to change our 3 rd KPI for a new one
focused on user satisfaction to be sure to have made and continue to make the right choices in planning tasks and their importance. 
As I hoped I could also work in peer review, it was very instructive so well on the teamwork and very effective but also allowed me to deepen my knowledge in django and 
github which were my two biggest weaknesses. This way of working will be reproduced more often in the future.
  

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
As said before with peer programming is a very good solution to put into practice both for checking code and for writing it. Having several points of view at the same
time pulls everyone up. Even if it takes longer to complete a task, especially the simplest ones, in the long run we gain in efficiency, we become more attentive to
details, we make fewer mistakes and we all gain in skills.
For the rest we still apply the same methods as the previous weeks which still work well.
 
  
What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Nothing to change since last week, everything is going as well as it should, the tools are used to their full potential, the KPIs have helped us and show our constant 
improvement. These KPIs are maintained by the whole group. Everyone is doing their assigned tasks and is ready to help on others if needed.
This week I had the role of Scrum Master, I made sure that everything went well for everyone, followed the progress of the sprint according to the rules of the scrum 
method, while being in charge of the meetings of the week. On this role nothing particular to add thanks to the previous week I could take example on how it worked.



Baptiste Duchamp
