Reflection week one
 
During the first week there were many new concepts such as scrum, sprint and even agile as a word itself. I think I understand the scrum process as a whole except burndown/up charts which we will talk more about next week.
I would however like to understand the scrum masters  work and meaning. I understand that he or she will lead the team in a sense and also eliminate any obstacle that comes in the way of the team.
A concrete example would be when we build a city together in legos and sometimes it felt like the scrum master was working with the other scrum masters figuring out who should take which work. 
During that time the team couldn't really get any work done since we couldn't start, this felt as if we could have planned better. After some time though we started to organize the legos in color and shape. 
After our first and second task were done (building a tractor and garage) we had another time gap of waiting. This time however we knew the working progress a bit better so therefore we started sorting out pieces which would be helpful for other teams such as animals for the zoo, police bricks for the police station and just some color which we didn't need. 
This would maybe not help our team per say but the assignment as whole was to build a city and this type of teamwork would make it faster for every other team.

My team was great at asking questions in general or if something is unclear. I myself and other team members were quick to answer if we knew the answer of course. Sometimes id could be as simple as “how do we connect the wheel to a regular lego piece?” and other times it could be questions regarding concepts like scrum master or product owner.
As said I tried to always contribute to these questions and sometimes contribute ideas for strategies and plans for the work needed to be done.

During the first exercise which was when we tried to optimize how fast we could complete a small puzzle as a team. Since this was a rather small and maybe somewhat simple assignment everyone contributes is crucial for any small time gain.
We had one time taker, note taker and then four people doing the actual puzzle. For the first iteration we came to the conclusion that four people on the same table doing the same puzzle wasn't the most efficient way, so we changed the contribution for all of us. 
Me and one other were building the middle part of the puzzle while the two others built the corners and edges of the puzzle (the frame). This did work better as there weren't too many chefs in the kitchen so to speak, we also refined this further where some also just sorted or gave pieces to builders.

Since it was the first week and we mostly worked on creating and meeting our groups there wasn't much work to deliver. We were to create a social contract and an individual reflection. For the social contract we set up a meeting on Discord and talked about points which might be important for anyone or just trivial agreements such as being respectful to one another. 
Here everyone was more or less equally engaged to the conversation, contributed and agreed upon the bullet points represented.
