Individual reflection Week 5 - Sígrid Vila

This week the supervision with the TA went very good, we are on the right track. This week I was the SM and I also did my tasks as I'll explan later. Everything this
week went very good. On Friday we did the team reflection and the review of this sprint everyone thought that very good work had been done.

For this next week's sprint we will decide the tasks on Monday due to the team's disponibility so I still don't have any task assigned. So far this week's sprint has gone
pretty well as everyone has done their job and we can see very good advances. Now we have a web with a map and a search bar.

What I want to understand better: same as last week. To improva my Django and Git skills. This week I added a branch so the VScode, which I'd never done before, so that's
new and I also coded a bit there, so I also improved my Django skills. My purpose goes right on track, it will keep the same for the next sprint.

How can I help the other team mates learn something new: I say the same as last week, my knowledge in data science is hard to incorpore but I'll try to do it.
I hope that in the next weeks I can use a bit more my knowledge. Nonetheless, my database has not caused any problem so I guess I did a good job.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum: same as last week. I use the Trello board by assigning myself the tasks and putting them where they correspond
(to do, done, doing...) and choose correctly the colours of each task and subtaks. Also, we did the time estimation well and now we have correct KPIs. We have to
improve our estimation skills as this week we were way off. Also now I've been SM and my taks consisted on being aware of everyone's taskm how were they doing it and 
if they had any problem. By being aware of this I could solve an overlapping of tasks with I created myself but with comunication everything was solved without any
problem,

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries: Linus and me implemented the map in the web and also I researched and implemented a search bar, however it was
just only with locations in the map. I also contributed in the team reflection and thesprint retrospective. And of course, when I know what my task for this sprint
is (on Monday) I'll do it.
