Individual reflection Week 7 - Sígrid Vila

This week's sprint was more focused on finishing the code and cleaning it. That's what one of my 2 tasks was about. I worked with Baptiste cleaning the code, understanding
it and making it less redundant. Another task that we all had to do was to create the Customer Satisfaction KPI as we decided to use this instead of the code review,
because we thought it would be more useful. All in all this week was also successful as everyone worked and we completed all of the tasks, though we overestimated the
time a little bit.

The tasks for the next week will be decided on monday, though will be related to creating the presentation for wednesday and polishing everything.


What I want to understand better: this week my task was to clean the code and by doing so I think I gaines a bit of Django knowledge so that's good, we also optimized it a
bit and all in all now all the code is clear and understandable for me completely. I feel like I could try to understant the code a bit better as there're some HTML things
that I'm not completely sure how they work, I just have a general idea. My purpose for next week, as it is the last week and like 99% of the coding is done
I think it would be to recall on everything I learned either coding or Agile methodology so I can use it in other projects.

How can I help the other team mates learn something new: I always say the same because that's the only thing that can differentiate me from the others, though I think
I can help the other team mates learn something new by just what I did this week, me and Baptiste went through the code togheter and I think it helped both of us have
each other to understand everything. For next week I'm not sure what to write, what can we learn more? Maybe I could say how to make a presentation, i don't know, there's
always something else to learn.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum: same as last week. I use the Trello board by assigning myself the tasks and putting them where they correspond
(to do, done, doing...). This week I was again the PO though I couldn't attend the monday meeting with the PO due to some schedule overlapping. Nonetheless, this week we
focused on cleaning the code and making the web more beautiful (some membmers changed the colours and related tasks). Also, contributing to Scrum I did my part of the KPIs
as mentioned in the summary on top of this reflection and what you would expect.


What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries: I did the code cleaning and my contritubtion to the KPI, as always I also helped writting the group reflection.
I couldn't attend the TA meeting but afterwards I made sure I was updated and when I did some work I mentioned it in the stand-up meeting channel on Discord. About the KPIs,
we did a bit of overestimation but it was not huge and I think we did ok at the end.
