Individual reflection Week 3 - Sígrid Vila

As a summary for this week, on Monday we had the first supervision and it went pretty well, our TA looks like he knows what he's talking about and he gave us some advice,
mostly it was to choose the Scrum Master and the Product Owner and to come up with the user stories because we just had a slight idea. On Friday we did the review of our
first sprint to put things into perspective and to be all in the same page. Also we all did the team reflection. I think the group works good and everyone gives their
opinion and participates.

For this next week's sprint we will decide the tasks on Monday due to the team's disponibility so I still don't have any task assigned. So far this week's sprint has gone
pretty well as everyone has done their job, which was mostly reseach to set everything up and stating to build the base of the web with Django.

What I want to understand better: taking into account last week's reflection I said I wanted the project scope to be more clear and I think now that we have the Trello
board working in full, everything is easier to understand. Also, I kind of started improving my programming skills as we started setting the web with Django, which I
had never used before. My purpose to understand better for the next weeks is Django and every new programming skill that I need from now on. Also, it's been decided
we'll use python so that's nice because I've worked with it before and I'll improve my knowledge. About git, I had no idea how to set it up connected to VScode, but
I figured it out with some videos and a little help from my team members. So for the next weeks the purpose is to improve git and Django skills.


How can I help the other team mates learn something new: I say the same as last week, my knowledge in data science is hard to incorpore but I'll try to do it. This week
I built the database and I think it's good enough for what we need. As a difference from last week, some of us have started programming, yet it's just the beggining so
we have just built the base and there's not a lot that I can teach them, specially when I have no idea how Django works or how to create a web, so I had to watch some
videos. I hope that in the next weeks I can use a bit more my knowledge.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum: same as last week. I use the Trello board by assigning myself the tasks and putting them where they correspond
(to do, done, doing...) and choose correctly the colours of each task and subtaks. Also, we have the roles of SM and PO that are changed each week and so far I had none,
but in some weeks it'll be my turn.


What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries: I finnished the database I had to do and this week we haven't assigned other tasks for the 2nd sprint, but we'll
do it on Monday. For this week we also had to write the first team reflection and I help as much as I could and I was present and listening and giving ideas. 
