Individual reflection Week 2 - Sígrid Vila
As a summary for this week, on Monday we came up for the idea of the project, which is nice to know what we’re actually going to do. Everyone contributed with some ideas
but at the end we all coincide in which one was the most plausible and could be more fit for the subject. On Wednesday I could not attend but it was the day of the
presentation and everything went well. On Friday we discussed a bit more about the project, we did the business model canvas to kind of concretize the project and we
also created a Trello so as to differentiate the parts of the project, know who is doing what and in which state it is.

About what I want to learn or understand better, regarding the last week I wanted to understand better the project scope, luckily this has been discussed in the last
meeting so now it is a bit clearer, and for sure in the next weeks this will be completely solved. Moreover, about last weeks’ reflection I still haven’t improved my
programming skills as we still haven’t started the programming part. On Fridays meeting we talked about using python as most of the team members have been using it in
the past, but we still have to find out if its suitable to develop a web page.
I also would like to learn how to actually create a web, as I have never done it in the past and improve my git skills. This will be achieved hopefully in the next weeks.


About how I can help the other team mates to learn something new. I sand by what I said last week, as we still haven’t stared the programming there’s not much for me to
do so as to teach them anything. Now, we have decided what the project is about but we don’t have the very specifics.


About my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum, I guess I’m following correctly the methodology. We started using a Trello and I think the sprint starts next week
so we’ll see how it goes. I assigned myself 2 work packages that are: creating a database (initially in pandas) and creating our own database with the information needed
about the blood donation sites. This would be my initial contribution towards the team’s deliveries for this week. It may change if I finish early or I don’t have enough
time. Also, for this week we delivered the project scope with the project description and a business model canvas on which we all contributed. So, I guess I fulfilled
what I wrote last week and I’ll keep doing it on the weeks to come. Especially next week when the project really starts. I think we are on a good path as everyone is
very participative and the project is based on a pretty good idea.
