Individual Reflection Week1

What do I want to learn or understand better?
This first week of the course was very interesting, whether it was learning new theoretical notions such as the scrum method, with agile management and the different
possible measures. The practical application of these concepts with the activities allowed me to understand them better. Even if I think I understood the main part of
the course I think that with the project and more practice I would understand better all the details. For example, for the construction of the lego city, even though
we knew that we had to communicate with each other and with the other groups, it was not possible to avoid making mistakes. However, with experience we managed to solve 
the problem. This is how the agile method works, with the principle of repetitive iterations where we seek improvement.


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
I think that the mutual aid in the group is done naturally, everyone gives his opinion, says when he does not understand and everyone brings his vision. I think it's 
through this communication and sharing of our different experiences and knowledge that everyone progresses and have a better understanding.
I hope i will help the team to have a clear point of view of every situations to succed in sprint planning meeting.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
My role during the lego activity was to evaluate the task times by discussing with the other members to finally agree on the task planning. In the second part of the
scrum method I thought about what could be improved to avoid making mistakes and to be more efficient. For the moment everyone shares the different tasks, there are no 
clearly defined tasks except for the scrum master.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
The work requested so far is this personal work of reflection on the beginning of the course as well as the social contract of the group. This contract has been written 
together, each one has given his opinion and his ideas in order to fix rules allowing us to work in good conditions and especially conditions that suit us all. This will
allow us to work better afterwards


Baptiste Duchamp
