
Individual reflection Week 4 - Sígrid Vila

This week we had our second supervison and it took us as a surprise that we had to show our TA the results. We'll do it next monday. We followed again his advice and we
reestructured the Trello and we did time estimations properly for the KPI. During the week I did my task which was to finish the DB and also we did like a prototype
fro the map which turned up preety good. On Friday we did the team reflection and the review of this sprint and it went much better than lask week as we now know what
to do and how.

For this next week's sprint we will decide the tasks on Monday due to the team's disponibility so I still don't have any task assigned. So far this week's sprint has gone
pretty well as everyone has done their job, which was mostly to start to make things run.

What I want to understand better: my purpose for this week was to improve my Django and Git skills, which I did not do as my task was not related to it. Nonetheless, I
discovered how to use Folium (to create maps) which is a very useful python library, so I guess I satisfied the purpose of improving programming skills. This continues
being my purpose for next weeks.

How can I help the other team mates learn something new: I say the same as last week, my knowledge in data science is hard to incorpore but I'll try to do it. This week
I completes the database created a first map. The reflection is as last week, we have just built the base and there's not a lot that I can teach them.
I hope that in the next weeks I can use a bit more my knowledge.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum: same as last week. I use the Trello board by assigning myself the tasks and putting them where they correspond
(to do, done, doing...) and choose correctly the colours of each task and subtaks. Also, we did the time estimation well now and I'm kind of in charge to build the KPIs charts.
This week is my turn to be the scrum master so I'll have extra work and we'll see how it goes. Also, I participate in all of the restrospective meetings and I go to the
supervisions.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries: I finnished the database I had to do and the initial map. I also contributed in the team reflection and the
sprint retrospective. And of course, when I know what my task for this sprint is (on Monday) I'll do it.
