Individual reflection Week 1 - Sígrid Vila

What do I want to learn or understand better?
Firstly, I would like to understand better the scope of the project and what is exactly what we have to do,
as nothing is very clear. About knowledge I want to improve my programming skills by being in a multidisciplinary group
and adapting to the situation, as all of us come from different background and different ways of learning.
 For example, learn how to code in Java or improve my Git skills as I am not very used to working with it,
contrary to some of my project mates. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
As all of us come from different backgrounds I can bring my perspective to the project as a data scientist and try to include
some of the elements of deep learning in our project, making an effort to explain the elements in the easiest most comprehensible way so
all of them could use this knowledge in future projects. To do so, I am open to everything to make sure everybody is on the same page in terms of
knowledge so no one feels left out. However, the topic of the project is still to be decided so I cannot explain precisely what I can bring to the team that is new.


What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
As I am not the scrum master, only a developer, my contribution would be to follow the best as I can the methodology by implementing the work packages assigned to me
when we decided what our project is about and what the work packages are. Also, of course do all the work necessary to fulfil the requirements of each product and sprint.
Moreover, encourage my team mates to do the same and create a favourable and nice environment to work.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
For the software deliveries I’ll do my assigned work the better I can and I expect some feedback from my project mates so as to all be in the same page and make the code
the most comprehensible possible. For the written deliveries I am up for everything, I’ll do my best to reflect the team effort in the written format while also fulfilling
the requirements of the document in question. To do so, I must be aware of everything going, be participative and in case I don’t understand anything just ask. Also, we implemented
a rule that for every meeting we make, one of us has to take notes so when my turn comes, I’ll do my work.
