What do I want to learn or understand better ?

What I hope to learn in the next week is first to better understand how to use Django, 
notably by watching tutorials and speaking with the rest of the team but also by creating a first prototype in python of our software. 
I also hope to have time to develop my web design skills using figma. 
Lucas seems to know how to use this application very well and I will try to ask him for advice on this subject. 
I'm also counting on the team to teach me about the assignments they did this week, about databases and functions to manage interactive maps in python. 
To this I add that I would like to try to apply the agile method a bit more, especially as we forgot to make estimates on the time taken for each task. 
So I'll try to help the rest of the team to better understand the scrum method.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new ?

I think I have a good understanding of how web applications work (the code allows interactions between different pages in html/css). 
So I will try to pass on to others what I have understood. 
I also know how to code html and python quite well and have used visual studio in the past. 
So I will try to propose the best possible code for the projects. 
I also realise that the level of programming is much better in Sweden than in France so I think I will probably learn more than I am going to give. 
I also found some very interesting tutorials on youtube about Django, I will continue to share the links. 
I think the most efficient way to learn and transmit is to work in small groups (2 for example) on user stories. 
This allows you to go faster but also to explore 2 ways at the same time.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of  Scrum?

We used the scum method when creating the user stories at the beginning of the week. 
Each member of the team participated by adding the tasks that seemed most important to them. 
We then divided the work according to the most important tasks and everyone's preferences. 
My role in the method was to create and separate the user stories with the scrum method. 
We forgot this week to evaluate the work to be done for each task and its feasibility. 
The work being mainly research work I think it would have been a bit complicated anyway but next week I'll be sure to remind you. 
I also interacted a few times with the scrum master and the product owners but we will try to work more on the roles next week. 
When I did my research and started coding, I tried to always keep in mind the next user stories for next week. 
We all used the scrum board very well I think by putting the user stories in the to do, doing and done columns.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I tried again this week to take an active part in all the meetings, 
in the writing of the documents to be handed in and in the answers that we will give during the meetings with the teacher. 
I also finished several user stories in order to improve our software.
