What do I want to learn or understand better ?

I would like to know more about the scrum method, especially to better understand how it is different from a waterfall method. 
I realize that the relationship with the customer is very different between the two methods and that agile methods avoid having a tunnel effect between the handing over of the specifications and the delivery of the software. 
In the sequence of the different points, however, I don't really see the difference with classic methods.  
I have also rarely collaborated in this way on the design of a software so I am open to all methods and new ways of doing things.
I think I have a lot to learn also about estimating the time and work needed to complete each task. 
I think this is really a key point of the method and I hope to learn more about it.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new ?

As we all have very different backgrounds, I think that by sharing my opinions and ideas I will enable the rest of the group to gain new knowledge. 
By using my professional experience as well. 
I also hope to help the team with my programming skills. 
I will try to delineate each task when creating the scrum board with the rest of the team as I think this is one of the most important points to make the method work.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of  Scrum?

During the design of the lego city, I tried to propose ideas to help the scrum masters find "a definition of done". 
I then tried to participate actively in each step of the sprints. Otherwise in relation to the development of the software we have not yet had to use the method yet.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I tried to actively participate in our conception of the 'social contract'. 
In particular by sharing my ideas during the meeting in relation to the "communication" and "work" points.
I was interested in the accessibility of information to make it clear to everyone and to facilitate group work.
So we chose to add in the social contract some points related to writing comments and sharing ideas in the discord group.
