What do I want to learn or understand better ?

This week I learned about stand up meetings at the supervision meeting on Monday. 
This meeting was very useful for me as I have not been able to attend a meeting like this before. 
It was a very good way to start the week, to set our goals, to set the direction of the project and to organize the team work.
We managed to create some very specific user stories this week so that we could use our definition of done. 
I also understood better what planning poker was for. Indeed this tool is very useful to formulate our users stories, 
when one of the team member put a too important note, it's because the task is badly defined (too much work) or that there is a misunderstanding in the subject. 
In the same way, when a team member gives too low a score, it means that we can probably mix several tasks together.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new ?

By working in groups this week we managed to share our knowledge better and to be more efficient in our work. 
But I think that the fact that the scrum master changes every week does not make us less efficient. 
I feel that the job of the scrum master is to connect people who are working on the same parts of the project, or to place the right people on the right tasks. 
But to be able to do that, you need a minimum of hindsight on the skills of each person and on the work required by each part of the project, 
and that is not compatible with the rotating and ephemeral role of the scrum master.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of  Scrum?

Where I think I have been most helpful this week in our use of the scrum method is firstly in the meeting to define the user stories. 
In particular during the use of planning poker. I also allowed the method to work well through the group work and the stand up meetings. 
Indeed, these meetings allowed us to better visualize the work of the week, and to interact with others more easily. 
It also allowed us to have a better overview of our project.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

Like every week I participate in all the meetings, 
in the writing of the different documents and in the work required to finish the user stories I chose to work on at the beginning of the week.
